\."#############################################################################
\."$Id: cerebro_updown_is_node_up.3,v 1.3 2005-05-11 23:34:25 achu Exp $
\."#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_UPDOWN_IS_NODE_UP 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_updown_is_node_up, cerebro_updown_is_node_down \- cerebro node
updown test routines
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_updown_is_node_up(cerebro_t handle, const char *node);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_updown_is_node_down(cerebro_t handle, const char *node);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_updown_is_node_up()\fR tests if the node pointed to by
\fInode\fR is up.

\fBcerebro_updown_is_node_down()\fR tests if the node pointed to by
\fInode\fR is down.
.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
For \fBcerebro_updown_is_node_up()\fR, 1 is returned if the node is
up, 0 is returned if the node is down.  For
\fBcerebro_updown_is_node_down()\fR, 1 is returned if the node is
down, 0 is returned if the node is up.  On error, both return -1, and
an error code is returned in \fIhandle\fR.  The error code can be
retrieved via
.BR cerebro_errnum(3)
, and a description of the error code can be retrieved via 
.BR cerebro_strerror(3).  
.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLHANDLE
The handle parameter is NULL.  The cerebro_t handle must be created
with
.BR cerebro_handle_create(3).
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fIhandle\fR has an incorrect magic number.  \fIhandle\fR does not
point to a cerebro_t handle or \fIhandle\fR has already been
destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PARAMETERS
Invalid parameter passed in.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NOT_LOADED
Updown data not loaded.
.TP 
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NODE_NOTFOUND
Invalid node passed in.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CLUSTERLIST_MODULE
A clusterlist module error occurred.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_INTERNAL
An internal system error occurred.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_updown_load_data(3), cerebro_errnum(3), cerebro_strerror(3)
