\."#############################################################################
\."$Id: cerebro_get_metric_data.3,v 1.7 2005-06-15 22:32:34 achu Exp $
\."#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_GET_METRIC_DATA 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_get_metric_data \- retrieve cerebro metric data
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "cerebro_nodelist_t cerebro_get_metric_data(cerebro_t handle, const char *metric_name);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_get_metric_data()\fR retrieves metric data for the metric 
\fImetric_name\fR from
the 
.B cerebrod
metric server and returns it in a cerebro nodelist.  The cerebro
nodelist can then be operated on by the cerebro nodelist routines.

The default behavior of \fBcerebro_get_metric_data()\fR can be altered by
setting alternate defaults using
.B cerebro_set_hostname(3),
.B cerebro_set_port(3),
.B cerebro_set_timeout_len(3),
or
.B cerebro_set_flags(3).  It can also be altered using the the cerebro
configuration file.

The default metrics available through the
.B cerebrod
metric server are:

CEREBRO_METRIC_CLUSTER_NODES - Retrieve all nodes known to 
.B cerebrod.  
No metric value is returned for this metric.

CEREBRO_METRIC_UP_NODES - Retrieve all up nodes in the cluster. 
Up vs. down nodes are determined through the configured timeout_len.
No metric value is returned for this metric.

CEREBRO_METRIC_DOWN_NODES - Retrieve all down nodes in the cluster.
in the cluster.  Up vs. down nodes are determined through the
configured timeout_len.  No metric value is returned for this metric.

CEREBRO_METRIC_UPDOWN_STATE - Retrieve the up vs. down state of all
nodes in the cluster.  The metric type returned for this metric is a
CEREBRO_METRIC_VALUE_TYPE_U_INT32.  The value is set to
CEREBRO_METRIC_UPDOWN_STATE_NODE_UP if the node is up and set to
CEREBRO_METRIC_UPDOWN_STATE_NODE_DOWN if the node is down.

CEREBRO_METRIC_LAST_RECEIVED_TIME - Retrieve the last received time
of all nodes in the cluster. The metric type returned for this metric is a
CEREBRO_METRIC_VALUE_TYPE_U_INT32.  The value is set to the
seconds returned by
.BR gettimeofday(2) 
on the 
.BR cerebrod
server.

.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
On success, a cerebro nodelist is returned.  On error, NULL is
returned, and an error code is returned in \fIhandle\fR.  The error
code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_errnum(3)
, and a description of the error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_strerror(3).  
.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLHANDLE
The \fIhandle\fR parameter is NULL.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fIhandle\fR has an incorrect magic number.  \fIhandle\fR does not
point to an appropriate structure or has already been destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PARAMETERS
Invalid parameter passed in.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_HOSTNAME
Invalid hostname specified.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONNECT
Error connecting to 
.B cerebrod
metric server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONNECT_TIMEOUT
Timed out connecting to
.B cerebrod
metric server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PROTOCOL
Error during protocol communication.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PROTOCOL_TIMEOUT
Timeout during protocol communication.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_VERSION_INCOMPATIBLE
Version incompatible with the metric server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_METRIC_UNKNOWN
The specified metric is unknown to the metric server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_FILE
A config file error occurred.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_MODULE
A config module error occurred.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_INPUT
A config input is invalid.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CLUSTERLIST_MODULE
A clusterlist module error occurred.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_OUTMEM
Out of memory.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_INTERNAL
An internal system error occurred.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_handle_create(3), cerebro_errnum(3), cerebro_strerror(3),
cerebro_set_hostname(3), cerebro_set_port(3),
cerebro_set_timeout_len(3), cerebro_set_flags(3),
cerebro_nodelist_metric_name(3), cerebro_nodelist_length(3),
cerebro_nodelist_find(3), cerebro_nodelist_for_each(3),
cerebro_nodelist_destroy(3), cerebro_nodelist_iterator_create(3),
cerebro_nodelist_iterator_nodename(3),
cerebro_nodelist_iterator_metric_value(3),
cerebro_nodelist_iterator_next(3), cerebro_nodelist_iterator_reset(3),
cerebro_nodelist_iterator_at_end(3),
cerebro_nodelist_iterator_destroy(3), cerebro.conf(5)
