\."#############################################################################
\."$Id: cerebro_errnum.3,v 1.5 2005-07-22 17:21:07 achu Exp $
\."#############################################################################
\."  Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
\."  Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
\."  Written by Albert Chu <chu11@llnl.gov>.
\."  UCRL-CODE-155989 All rights reserved.
\."
\."  This file is part of Cerebro, a collection of cluster monitoring tools
\."  and libraries.  For details, see <http://www.llnl.gov/linux/cerebro/>.
\."
\."  Cerebro is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
\."  the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
\."  Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
\."  any later version.
\."
\."  Cerebro is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
\."  WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
\."  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
\."  details.
\."
\."  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
\."  with Cerebro; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
\."  59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
\."#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_ERRNUM 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_errnum, cerebro_strerror, cerebro_errormsg, cerebro_perror \-
cerebro error routines
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_errnum(cerebro_t handle);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_metriclist_errnum(cerebro_metriclist_t metriclist);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_metriclist_iterator_errnum(cerebro_metriclist_iterator_t handle);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_nodelist_errnum(cerebro_nodelist_t nodelist);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_nodelist_iterator_errnum(cerebro_nodelist_iterator_t handle);"
.sp
.BI "char *cerebro_strerror(int errnum);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_errnum()\fR returns the error code stored in the cerebro_t
handle passed in.

\fBcerebro_metriclist_errnum()\fR returns the error code stored in the
cerebro_metriclist_t passed in.

\fBcerebro_metriclist_iterator_errnum()\fR returns the error code
stored in the cerebro_metriclist_iterator_t passed in.

\fBcerebro_nodelist_errnum()\fR returns the error code stored in the
cerebro_nodelist_t passed in.

\fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_errnum()\fR returns the error code stored
in the cerebro_nodelist_iterator_t passed in.

\fBcerebro_strerror()\fR returns a pointer to a string describing the
error code \fIerrnum\fR.

Generally, an error code is retrieved by calling
\fBcerebro_errnum()\fR, 
\fBcerebro_metriclist_errnum()\fR,
\fBcerebro_metriclist_iterator_errnum()
\fBcerebro_nodelist_errnum()\fR, or
\fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_errnum()
and then passed to 
\fBcerebro_strerror()\fR to retrieve a string describing the error.

.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
