.\"#############################################################################
.\"$Id: cerebro_event.3,v 1.5 2008-03-28 15:58:00 chu11 Exp $
.\"#############################################################################
.\"  Copyright (C) 2007 Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC.
.\"  Copyright (C) 2005-2007 The Regents of the University of California.
.\"  Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\"  Written by Albert Chu <chu11@llnl.gov>.
.\"  UCRL-CODE-155989 All rights reserved.
.\"
.\"  This file is part of Cerebro, a collection of cluster monitoring tools
.\"  and libraries.  For details, see <http://www.llnl.gov/linux/cerebro/>.
.\"
.\"  Cerebro is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\"  the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\"  Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\"  any later version.
.\"
.\"  Cerebro is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\"  WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\"  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\"  details.
.\"
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"  with Cerebro.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_EVENT_REGISTER 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_event_register, cerebro_event_unregister, cerebro_event_parse \- 
event monitoring routines
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_event_register(cerebro_t handle, const char *event_name);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_event_unregister(cerebro_t handle, int fd);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_event_parse(cerebro_t handle, int fd, char **nodename, unsigned int *event_value_type, unsigned int *event_value_size, void **event_value);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_event_register\fR registers a connection the
.B cerebrod
event server informing the server that event notification for event
\fIevent_name\fR is desired.  The function returns a file descriptor
that the user is expected to wait for incoming messages using
.B select(2)
or
.B poll(2).

\fBcerebro_event_unregister\fR unregisters the event.  If it is
easier, the user may instead simply close the file descriptor.

\fBcerebro_event_parse\fR should be called when an event has arrived
on the file descriptor returned by \fBcerebro_event_register\fR.  The
nodename, type, length, and value of the event are returned to the
user in 'nodename', 'event_value_type', 'event_value_len', and
 'event_value' respectively.  The user is responsible for freeing the
memory created for nodename and event_value using
.B free(3).

.br
.SH "EVENT VALUE TYPES"
The following event value types can be returned by
\fBcerebro_event_parse\fR.  They can be used to
determine the data type the 'event_value' result points to.

CEREBRO_DATA_VALUE_TYPE_NONE - No metric value

CEREBRO_DATA_VALUE_TYPE_INT32 - 32 bit integer

CEREBRO_DATA_VALUE_TYPE_U_INT32 - 32 bit unsigned integer

CEREBRO_DATA_VALUE_TYPE_FLOAT - float

CEREBRO_DATA_VALUE_TYPE_DOUBLE - double

CEREBRO_DATA_VALUE_TYPE_STRING - NUL terminated string

CEREBRO_DATA_VALUE_TYPE_INT64 - 64 bit integer

CEREBRO_DATA_VALUE_TYPE_U_INT64 - 64 bit unsigned integer

.SH "RETURN VALUES"
For \fBcerebro_event_register\fR, a file descriptor is returned
on success.  On error, -1 is returned.

For \fBcerebro_event_unregister\fR and \fBcerebro_event_parse\fR, 0 is
returned on success.  On error, -1 is returned.

On errors, an error code is returned in \fIhandle\fR.  The error
code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_errnum(3)
, and a description of the error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_strerror(3).

.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLHANDLE
The \fIhandle\fR parameter is NULL.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fIhandle\fR has an incorrect magic number.  \fIhandle\fR does not
point to an appropriate structure or has already been destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PARAMETERS
Invalid parameter passed in.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_HOSTNAME
Invalid hostname specified.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONNECT
Error connecting to
.B cerebrod
event server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONNECT_TIMEOUT
Timed out connecting to
.B cerebrod
event server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PROTOCOL
Error during protocol communication.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PROTOCOL_TIMEOUT
Timeout during protocol communication.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_VERSION_INCOMPATIBLE
Version incompatible with the event server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_EVENT_INVALID
The specified event name is unknown to the event server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_FILE
A config file error occurred.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_MODULE
A config module error occurred.
.TP 
.B CEREBRO_ERR_EVENT_NOT_RECEIVED
An event has not yet been fully received.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_INPUT
A config input is invalid.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_OUTMEM
Out of memory.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_INTERNAL
An internal system error occurred.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
select(2), poll(2), free(3), cerebro_errnum(3), cerebro_strerror(3)
