.\"#############################################################################
.\"$Id: cerebro_namelist_length.3,v 1.4 2008-03-28 15:58:00 chu11 Exp $
.\"#############################################################################
.\"  Copyright (C) 2007 Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC.
.\"  Copyright (C) 2005-2007 The Regents of the University of California.
.\"  Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\"  Written by Albert Chu <chu11@llnl.gov>.
.\"  UCRL-CODE-155989 All rights reserved.
.\"
.\"  This file is part of Cerebro, a collection of cluster monitoring tools
.\"  and libraries.  For details, see <http://www.llnl.gov/linux/cerebro/>.
.\"
.\"  Cerebro is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\"  the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\"  Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\"  any later version.
.\"
.\"  Cerebro is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\"  WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\"  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\"  details.
.\"
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"  with Cerebro.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_NAMELIST_LENGTH 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_namelist_length,
cerebro_namelist_destroy, cerebro_namelist_iterator_create,
cerebro_namelist_iterator_name,
cerebro_namelist_iterator_next, cerebro_namelist_iterator_reset,
cerebro_namelist_iterator_at_end,
cerebro_namelist_iterator_destroy \- cerebro namelist routines
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_namelist_length(cerebro_namelist_t namelist);
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_namelist_destroy(cerebro_namelist_t namelist);"
.sp
.BI "cerebro_namelist_iterator_t cerebro_namelist_iterator_create(cerebro_namelist_t namelist);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_namelist_iterator_name(cerebro_namelist_iterator_t namelistItr, char **name);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_namelist_iterator_next(cerebro_namelist_iterator_t namelistItr);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_namelist_iterator_reset(cerebro_namelist_iterator_t namelistItr);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_namelist_iterator_at_end(cerebro_namelist_iterator_t namelistItr);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_namelist_iterator_destroy(cerebro_namelist_iterator_t namelistItr);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_namelist_length\fR retrieves the number of metric names
stored in the namelist.

\fBcerebro_namelist_destroy\fR destroys the cerebro namelist pointed
by \fInamelist\fR.  All namelist iterators created using the indicated
namelist will also be destroyed.

\fBcerebro_namelist_iterator_create\fR creates a cerebro namelist iterator.

\fBcerebro_namelist_iterator_name\fR returns the name
currently pointed at in the iterator.

\fBcerebro_namelist_iterator_next\fR moves the iterator pointer forward.

\fBcerebro_namelist_iterator_reset\fR resets the iterator pointer back
to the beginning.

\fBcerebro_namelist_iterator_at_end\fR returns a flag indicating if
the end of the namelist has been reached.

\fBcerebro_namelist_iterator_destroy\fR destroys the cerebro namelist
iterator pointed by \fInamelistItr\fR.

.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
For \fBcerebro_namelist_length\fR, the length of the list is returned
on success.  On error, -1 is returned.

For \fBcerebro_namelist_iterator_create\fR, a cerebro namelist
iterator is returned on success.  On error, NULL is returned.

For \fBcerebro_namelist_iterator_next\fR, 1 is returned if more data
exists, 0 if not, On error, -1 is returned.

For \fBcerebro_namelist_iterator_at_end\fR, 1 is returned if the end
of the list has been reached, 0 if not.  On error, -1 is returned.

For fBcerebro_namelist_destroy\fR,
\fBcerebro_namelist_iterator_name\fR,
\fBcerebro_namelist_iterator_reset\fR, and
\fBcerebro_namelist_iterator_destroy\fR, 0 is returned on success.  On
error -1 is returned.

On errors, an error code is returned in \fInamelist\fR or
\fInamelistItr\fR.  The error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_namelist_errnum(3) or
.BR cerebro_namelist_iterator_errnum(3) respectively
, and a description of the error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_strerror(3).  
.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLNAMELIST
The \fInamelist\fR parameter is NULL.
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLNAMELIST_ITERATOR
The \fInamelistItr\fR parameter is NULL.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fInamelist\fR or \fInamelistItr\fR has an incorrect magic number.
\fInamelist\fR or \fInamelistItr\fR does not point to a an appropriate
structure or has already been destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PARAMETERS
Invalid parameter passed in.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_END_OF_LIST
The end of the list has been reached.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_OUTMEM
Out of memory.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_INTERNAL
An internal system error occurred.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_errnum(3), cerebro_strerror(3)
