\."#############################################################################
\."$Id: cerebro_get_event_names.3,v 1.1 2006-11-09 23:20:08 chu11 Exp $
\."#############################################################################
\."  Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
\."  Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
\."  Written by Albert Chu <chu11@llnl.gov>.
\."  UCRL-CODE-155989 All rights reserved.
\."
\."  This file is part of Cerebro, a collection of cluster monitoring tools
\."  and libraries.  For details, see <http://www.llnl.gov/linux/cerebro/>.
\."
\."  Cerebro is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
\."  the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
\."  Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
\."  any later version.
\."
\."  Cerebro is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
\."  WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
\."  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
\."  details.
\."
\."  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
\."  with Cerebro; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
\."  59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
\."#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_GET_EVENT_NAMES 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_get_event_names \- retrieve available cerebro event names
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "cerebro_namelist_t cerebro_get_event_names(cerebro_t handle);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_get_event_names()\fR retrieves a list of event names available for 
registration with
.B cerebro_event_register(3).
The event names are returned in a cerebro namelist.  The cerebro
namelist can then be operated on by the cerebro namelist routines.

The default behavior of \fBcerebro_get_event_names()\fR can be altered by
setting alternate defaults using
.B cerebro_set_hostname(3),
or
.B cerebro_set_port(3).  
It can also be altered using the the cerebro configuration file.

.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
On success, a cerebro namelist is returned.  On error, NULL is
returned, and an error code is returned in \fIhandle\fR.  The error
code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_errnum(3)
, and a description of the error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_strerror(3).  
.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLHANDLE
The \fIhandle\fR parameter is NULL.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fIhandle\fR has an incorrect magic number.  \fIhandle\fR does not
point to an appropriate structure or has already been destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PARAMETERS
Invalid parameter passed in.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_HOSTNAME
Invalid hostname specified.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONNECT
Error connecting to 
.B cerebrod
event server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONNECT_TIMEOUT
Timed out connecting to
.B cerebrod
event server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PROTOCOL
Error during protocol communication.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PROTOCOL_TIMEOUT
Timeout during protocol communication.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_VERSION_INCOMPATIBLE
Version incompatible with the event server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_FILE
A config file error occurred.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_MODULE
A config module error occurred.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_INPUT
A config input is invalid.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_OUTMEM
Out of memory.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_INTERNAL
An internal system error occurred.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_handle_create(3), cerebro_errnum(3), cerebro_strerror(3),
cerebro_set_hostname(3), cerebro_set_port(3),
cerebro_namelist_length(3),
cerebro_namelist_destroy(3), cerebro_namelist_iterator_create(3),
cerebro_namelist_iterator_name(3),
cerebro_namelist_iterator_next(3), cerebro_namelist_iterator_reset(3),
cerebro_namelist_iterator_at_end(3),
cerebro_namelist_iterator_destroy(3), cerebro.conf(5)
