\."#############################################################################
\."$Id: cerebro_nodes_iterator_next.3,v 1.1 2005-05-11 23:47:18 achu Exp $
\."#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_NODES_ITERATOR_NEXT 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_nodes_iterator_next, cerebro_nodes_iterator_reset,
cerebro_nodes_iterator_destroy \- cerebro nodes iterator routines
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_nodes_iterator_next(cerebro_t handle, cerebro_nodes_iterator_t itr, char *buf, unsigned int buflen);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_nodes_iterator_reset(cerebro_t handle, cerebro_nodes_iterator_t itr);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_nodes_iterator_destroy(cerebro_t handle, cerebro_nodes_iterator_t itr);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_nodes_iterator_next\fR retrieves the next node listed in
the iterator.  The node is returned in the buffer pointed to by
\fIbuf\fR.  \fIbuflen\fR should indicate the length of the buffer.

\fBcerebro_nodes_iterator_reset\fR resets the iterator back to the
beginning of the list.

\fBcerebro_nodes_iterator_destroy\fR destroys the iterator pointed to
by \fIitr\fR.
.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
On success, 0 is returned.  On error, -1 is returned, and an error
code is returned in \fIhandle\fR.  The error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_errnum(3)
, and a description of the error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_strerror(3).  
.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLHANDLE
The handle parameter is NULL.  The cerebro_t handle must be created
with
.BR cerebro_handle_create(3).
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fIhandle\fR has an incorrect magic number.  \fIhandle\fR does not
point to a cerebro_t handle or \fIhandle\fR has already been
destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PARAMETERS
Invalid parameter passed in.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_OVERFLOW
Buffer overflow.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_INTERNAL
An internal system error occurred.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_updown_up_nodes_iterator(3),
cerebro_updown_down_nodes_iterator(3), cerebro_errnum(3),
cerebro_strerror(3)
