.\"#############################################################################
.\"$Id: cerebro_get_hostname.3,v 1.6 2008-03-28 17:06:47 chu11 Exp $
.\"#############################################################################
.\"  Copyright (C) 2007-2008 Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC.
.\"  Copyright (C) 2005-2007 The Regents of the University of California.
.\"  Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\"  Written by Albert Chu <chu11@llnl.gov>.
.\"  UCRL-CODE-155989 All rights reserved.
.\"
.\"  This file is part of Cerebro, a collection of cluster monitoring tools
.\"  and libraries.  For details, see <http://www.llnl.gov/linux/cerebro/>.
.\"
.\"  Cerebro is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\"  the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\"  Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\"  any later version.
.\"
.\"  Cerebro is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\"  WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\"  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\"  details.
.\"
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"  with Cerebro.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_GET_HOSTNAME 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_get_hostname, cerebro_get_port, cerebro_get_timeout_len, cerebro_get_flags \-
cerebro get configuration routines
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "char *cerebro_get_hostname(cerebro_t handle);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_get_port(cerebro_t handle);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_get_timeout_len(cerebro_t handle);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_get_flags(cerebro_t handle);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_get_hostname()\fR gets the currently set hostname the
libcerebro API should attempt to connect to.  The string returned may
be the empty string, indicating no hostname has been set.

\fBcerebro_get_port()\fR gets the currently set cerebrod server port.
The port may be 0, indicating no port has been set.

\fBcerebro_get_timeout_len()\fR gets the currently set timeout_len.
The timeout_len may be 0, indicating no timeout_len has been set.

\fBcerebro_get_flags()\fR gets the currently set flags.  The flags may
be 0, indicating no flags have been set.  The current that may be
returned on the bitwise OR of the following:

CEREBRO_METRIC_FLAGS_UP_ONLY

CEREBRO_METRIC_FLAGS_NONE_IF_NOEXIST

See 
.BR cerebro_set_flags(3)
for details on these flags.

.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
On success, the respective hostname, port, timeout_len, or flags are
returned returned.  

For \fBcerebro_get_hostname\fR, NULL is returned on error.  For
\fBcerebro_get_port()\fR, \fBcerebro_get_timeout_len()\fR, and
\fBcerebro_get_flags()\fR -1 is returned on error.

On errors, an error code is returned if \fIhandle\fR.  The error code
can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_errnum(3),
and a description of the error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_strerror(3).
.br

.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLHANDLE
The \fIhandle\fR parameter is NULL.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fIhandle\fR has an incorrect magic number.  \fIhandle\fR does not
point to an appropriate structure or has already been destroyed.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_errnum(3), cerebro_strerror(3), cerebro_set_hostname(3),
cerebro_set_port(3), cerebro_set_timeout_len(3), cerebro_set_flags(3),
cerebro_get_metric_data(3)
