\."#############################################################################
\."$Id: cerebro_get_metric_names.3,v 1.2 2005-07-15 23:39:51 achu Exp $
\."#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_GET_METRIC_NAMES 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_get_metric_names \- retrieve available cerebro metric names
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "cerebro_metriclist_t cerebro_get_metric_names(cerebro_t handle);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_get_metric_names()\fR retrieves a list of metric names available for 
retrieval with
.B cerebro_get_metric_data(3).
The metric names are returned in a cerebro metriclist.  The cerebro
metriclist can then be operated on by the cerebro metriclist routines.

The default behavior of \fBcerebro_get_metric_names()\fR can be altered by
setting alternate defaults using
.B cerebro_set_hostname(3),
or
.B cerebro_set_port(3).  
It can also be altered using the the cerebro configuration file.

.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
On success, a cerebro metriclist is returned.  On error, NULL is
returned, and an error code is returned in \fIhandle\fR.  The error
code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_errnum(3)
, and a description of the error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_strerror(3).  
.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLHANDLE
The \fIhandle\fR parameter is NULL.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fIhandle\fR has an incorrect magic number.  \fIhandle\fR does not
point to an appropriate structure or has already been destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PARAMETERS
Invalid parameter passed in.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_HOSTNAME
Invalid hostname specified.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONNECT
Error connecting to 
.B cerebrod
metric server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONNECT_TIMEOUT
Timed out connecting to
.B cerebrod
metric server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PROTOCOL
Error during protocol communication.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PROTOCOL_TIMEOUT
Timeout during protocol communication.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_VERSION_INCOMPATIBLE
Version incompatible with the metric server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_METRIC_INVALID
The specified metric is unknown to the metric server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_FILE
A config file error occurred.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_MODULE
A config module error occurred.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_INPUT
A config input is invalid.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_OUTMEM
Out of memory.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_INTERNAL
An internal system error occurred.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_handle_create(3), cerebro_errnum(3), cerebro_strerror(3),
cerebro_set_hostname(3), cerebro_set_port(3),
cerebro_metriclist_length(3),
cerebro_metriclist_destroy(3), cerebro_metriclist_iterator_create(3),
cerebro_metriclist_iterator_metric_name(3),
cerebro_metriclist_iterator_next(3), cerebro_metriclist_iterator_reset(3),
cerebro_metriclist_iterator_at_end(3),
cerebro_metriclist_iterator_destroy(3), cerebro.conf(5)
