.\"#############################################################################
.\"$Id: cerebro_set_hostname.3,v 1.15 2008-03-28 17:06:47 chu11 Exp $
.\"#############################################################################
.\"  Copyright (C) 2007-2008 Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC.
.\"  Copyright (C) 2005-2007 The Regents of the University of California.
.\"  Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\"  Written by Albert Chu <chu11@llnl.gov>.
.\"  UCRL-CODE-155989 All rights reserved.
.\"
.\"  This file is part of Cerebro, a collection of cluster monitoring tools
.\"  and libraries.  For details, see <http://www.llnl.gov/linux/cerebro/>.
.\"
.\"  Cerebro is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\"  the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\"  Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\"  any later version.
.\"
.\"  Cerebro is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\"  WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\"  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\"  details.
.\"
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"  with Cerebro.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_SET_HOSTNAME 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_set_hostname, cerebro_set_port, cerebro_set_timeout_len, cerebro_set_flags \-
cerebro set configuration routines
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_set_hostname(cerebro_t handle, const char *hostname);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_set_port(cerebro_t handle, unsigned int port);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_set_timeout_len(cerebro_t handle, unsigned int timeout_len);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_set_flags(cerebro_t handle, unsigned int flags);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_set_hostname()\fR sets the default hostname the libcerebro
API should attempt to connect to.

\fBcerebro_set_port()\fR sets the default port the libcerebro API
should attempt to connect to.

\fBcerebro_set_timeout_len()\fR sets the default timeout_len to use to
evaluate up vs. down nodes.  A timeout length of 0 means the default
timeout length will be used.

\fBcerebro_set_flags()\fR sets the default flags the libcerebro API
should use.  By default, no flags are set.  The following flags
are available to be set:

CEREBRO_METRIC_FLAGS_UP_ONLY - By default 
.BR cerebro_get_metric_data(3)
will return data for every node in the cluster currently
monitoring the specified metric.  This flag alters this behavior
to have the
.BR cerebrod(8)
metric server return only nodes that are currently up.  This flag does
not apply to any of the default metrics supplied by
.BR cerebrod(8).

CEREBRO_METRIC_FLAGS_NONE_IF_DOWN - By default, 
.BR cerebro_get_metric_data(3)
will return a cluster node even if the data has not been recently updated.
This flag alters this behavior to have the
.BR cerebrod(8)
metric server return the node to the user without a metric_value.
This flag does not apply to any of the default metrics supplied by
.BR cerebrod(8).

CEREBRO_METRIC_FLAGS_NONE_IF_NOT_MONITORED - By default, 
.BR cerebro_get_metric_data(3)
will not return a cluster node if the cluster node is not currently
monitoring the specified metric.  This flag alters this behavior to
have the
.BR cerebrod(8)
metric server return the node to the user without a metric_value.
This flag does not apply to any of the default metrics supplied by
.BR cerebrod(8).

.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
On success, 0 is returned.  On error, -1 is returned, and an error
code is returned in \fIhandle\fR.  The error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_errnum(3),
and a description of the error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_strerror(3).
.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLHANDLE
The \fIhandle\fR parameter is NULL.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fIhandle\fR has an incorrect magic number.  \fIhandle\fR does not
point to an appropriate structure or has already been destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PARAMETERS
Invalid parameter passed in.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_OVERFLOW
Buffer overflow.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_errnum(3), cerebro_strerror(3), cerebro_get_hostname(3),
cerebro_get_port(3), cerebro_get_timeout_len(3), cerebro_get_flags(3),
cerebro_get_metric_data(3), cerebrod(8)
