\."#############################################################################
\."$Id: cerebro_updown_get_up_nodes.3,v 1.2 2005-05-10 20:38:36 achu Exp $
\."#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_UPDOWN_GET_UP_NODES 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_updown_get_up_nodes, cerebro_updown_get_down_nodes \- cerebro
updown retrievel routines
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_updown_get_up_nodes(cerebro_t handle, char *buf, unsigned int buflen);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_updown_get_down_nodes(cerebro_t handle, char *buf, unsigned int buflen);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_updown_get_up_nodes()\fR and
\fBcerebro_updown_get_down_nodes()\fR retrieves a ranged string of up
and down nodes respectively.  The string is returned in the buffer
pointed to by \fIbuf\fR.  \fIbuflen\fR should indicate the length of
the buffer.
.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
On success, 0 is returned.  On error, -1 is returned, and an error
code is returned in \fIhandle\fR.  The error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_errnum (3)
, and a description of the error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_strerror (3).  
.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLHANDLE
The handle parameter is NULL.  The cerebro_t handle must be created
with
.BR cerebro_handle_create (3).
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fIhandle\fR has an incorrect magic number.  \fIhandle\fR does not
point to a cerebro_t handle or \fIhandle\fR has already been
destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PARAMETERS
Invalid parameter passed in.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NOT_LOADED
Updown data not loaded.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_OVERFLOW
Buffer overflow.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_INTERNAL
An internal system error occurred.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_updown_load_data(3), cerebro_errnum(3), cerebro_strerror(3)
