\."#############################################################################
\."$Id: cerebro_updown_up_count.3,v 1.3 2005-05-10 20:38:36 achu Exp $
\."#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_UPDOWN_UP_COUNT 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_updown_up_count, cerebro_updown_down_count \- cerebro updown
node count routines
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_updown_up_count(cerebro_t handle);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_updown_down_count(cerebro_t handle);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_updown_up_count()\fR returns the number of nodes that are up.

\fBcerebro_updown_down_count()\fR returns the number of nodes that are
down.
.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
On success, \fBcerebro_updown_up_count()\fR and
\fBcerebro_updown_down_count()\fR will return the number of up or down
nodes respectively. On error, both return -1, and an error code is
returned in \fIhandle\fR.  The error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_errnum (3),
and a description of the error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_strerror (3).
.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLHANDLE
The handle parameter is NULL.  The cerebro_t handle must be created
with
.BR cerebro_handle_create (3).
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fIhandle\fR has an incorrect magic number.  \fIhandle\fR does not
point to a cerebro_t handle or \fIhandle\fR has already been
destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NOT_LOADED
Updown data not loaded.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_INTERNAL
An internal system error occurred.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_updown_load_data(3), cerebro_errnum(3), cerebro_strerror(3)
