\."#############################################################################
\."$Id: cerebro_nodelist_metric_name.3,v 1.16 2007-10-17 22:04:48 chu11 Exp $
\."#############################################################################
\."  Copyright (C) 2007 Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC.
\."  Copyright (C) 2005-2007 The Regents of the University of California.
\."  Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
\."  Written by Albert Chu <chu11@llnl.gov>.
\."  UCRL-CODE-155989 All rights reserved.
\."
\."  This file is part of Cerebro, a collection of cluster monitoring tools
\."  and libraries.  For details, see <http://www.llnl.gov/linux/cerebro/>.
\."
\."  Cerebro is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
\."  the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
\."  Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
\."  any later version.
\."
\."  Cerebro is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
\."  WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
\."  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
\."  details.
\."
\."  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
\."  with Cerebro.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
\."#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_NODELIST_METRIC_NAME 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_nodelist_metric_name, cerebro_nodelist_length,
cerebro_nodelist_destroy, cerebro_nodelist_iterator_create,
cerebro_nodelist_iterator_nodename,
cerebro_nodelist_iterator_metric_value,
cerebro_nodelist_iterator_next, cerebro_nodelist_iterator_reset,
cerebro_nodelist_iterator_at_end, cerebro_nodelist_iterator_destroy \-
cerebro nodelist routines
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "char *cerebro_nodelist_metric_name(cerebro_nodelist_t nodelist);
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_nodelist_length(cerebro_nodelist_t nodelist);
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_nodelist_destroy(cerebro_nodelist_t nodelist);"
.sp
.BI "cerebro_nodelist_iterator_t cerebro_nodelist_iterator_create(cerebro_nodelist_t nodelist);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_nodelist_iterator_nodename(cerebro_nodelist_iterator_t nodelistItr, char **nodename);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_nodelist_iterator_metric_value(cerebro_nodelist_iterator_t nodelistItr, unsigned int *metric_value_received_time, unsigned int *metric_value_type, unsigned int *metric_value_size, void **metric_value);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_nodelist_iterator_next(cerebro_nodelist_iterator_t nodelistItr);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_nodelist_iterator_reset(cerebro_nodelist_iterator_t nodelistItr);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_nodelist_iterator_at_end(cerebro_nodelist_iterator_t nodelistItr);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_nodelist_iterator_destroy(cerebro_nodelist_iterator_t nodelistItr);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_nodelist_metric_name\fR retreives the metric name used to
retrieve the nodelist data.

\fBcerebro_nodelist_length\fR retrieves the number of nodes stored in
the nodelist.

\fBcerebro_nodelist_destroy\fR destroys the cerebro nodelist pointed
by \fInodelist\fR.  All nodelist iterators created using the indicated
nodelist will also be destroyed.

\fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_create\fR creates a cerebro nodelist iterator.

\fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_nodename\fR returns the nodename of the
current node pointed at in the iterator.

\fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_metric_value\fR returns the metric
receive time, type, length, and value of the current data pointed at
in the iterator.  The data is returned in
'metric_value_received_time', 'metric_value_type',
'metric_value_len', and 'metric_value' respectively.

\fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_next\fR moves the iterator pointer forward.

\fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_reset\fR resets the iterator pointer back
to the beginning.

\fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_at_end\fR returns a flag indicating if
the end of the nodelist has been reached.

\fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_destroy\fR destroys the cerebro nodelist
iterator pointed by \fInodelistItr\fR.

.br
.SH "METRIC VALUE TYPES"
The following metric value types can be returned by
\fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_metric_value\fR.  They can be used to
determine the data type the 'metric_value' result points to.

CEREBRO_DATA_VALUE_TYPE_NONE - No metric value

CEREBRO_DATA_VALUE_TYPE_INT32 - 32 bit integer

CEREBRO_DATA_VALUE_TYPE_U_INT32 - 32 bit unsigned integer

CEREBRO_DATA_VALUE_TYPE_FLOAT - float

CEREBRO_DATA_VALUE_TYPE_DOUBLE - double

CEREBRO_DATA_VALUE_TYPE_STRING - NUL terminated string

CEREBRO_DATA_VALUE_TYPE_INT64 - 64 bit integer

CEREBRO_DATA_VALUE_TYPE_U_INT64 - 64 bit unsigned integer

CEREBRO_METRIC_VALUE_TYPE_INT64 - 64 bit integer

CEREBRO_METRIC_VALUE_TYPE_U_INT64 - 64 bit unsigned integer

.SH "RETURN VALUES"
For \fBcerebro_nodelist_metric_name\fR, the metric name for the
nodelist is returned on success.  On error, -1 is returned.

For \fBcerebro_nodelist_length\fR, the length of the list is returned
on success.  On error, -1 is returned.

For \fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_create\fR, a cerebro nodelist
iterator is returned on success.  On error, NULL is returned.

For \fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_next\fR, 1 is returned if more data
exists, 0 if not, On error, -1 is returned.

For \fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_at_end\fR, 1 is returned if the end
of the list has been reached, 0 if not.  On error, -1 is returned.

For \fBcerebro_nodelist_destroy\fR,
\fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_nodename\fR,
\fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_metric_value\fR
\fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_reset\fR, and
\fBcerebro_nodelist_iterator_destroy\fR, 0 is returned on success.  On
error -1 is returned.

On errors, an error code is returned in \fInodelist\fR or
\fInodelistItr\fR.  The error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_nodelist_errnum(3) or
.BR cerebro_nodelist_iterator_errnum(3) respectively
, and a description of the error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_strerror(3).  
.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLNODELIST
The \fInodelist\fR parameter is NULL.
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLNODELIST_ITERATOR
The \fInodelistItr\fR parameter is NULL.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fInodelist\fR or \fInodelistItr\fR has an incorrect magic number.
\fInodelist\fR or \fInodelistItr\fR does not point to a an appropriate
structure or has already been destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PARAMETERS
Invalid parameter passed in.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_END_OF_LIST
The end of the list has been reached.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_OUTMEM
Out of memory.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_INTERNAL
An internal system error occurred.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_errnum(3), cerebro_strerror(3)
