\."#############################################################################
\."$Id: cerebro_updown_up_nodes_iterator.3,v 1.1 2005-05-11 23:34:25 achu Exp $
\."#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_UPDOWN_UP_NODES_ITERATOR 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_updown_up_nodes_iterator, cerebro_updown_down_nodes_iterator \- cerebro
updown retrieval routines
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "cerebro_nodes_iterator_t cerebro_updown_up_nodes_iterator(cerebro_t handle);"
.sp
.BI "cerebro_nodes_iterator_t cerebro_updown_down_nodes_iterator(cerebro_t handle);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_updown_up_nodes_iterator()\fR and
\fBcerebro_updown_down_nodes_iterator()\fR retrieve a cerebro nodes
iterator for up and down nodes respectively.
.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
On success, a cerebro nodes iterator is returned.  On error, NULL is
returned, and an error code is returned in \fIhandle\fR.  The error
code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_errnum(3)
, and a description of the error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_strerror(3).  
.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLHANDLE
The handle parameter is NULL.  The cerebro_t handle must be created
with
.BR cerebro_handle_create(3).
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fIhandle\fR has an incorrect magic number.  \fIhandle\fR does not
point to a cerebro_t handle or \fIhandle\fR has already been
destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NOT_LOADED
Updown data not loaded.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_OUTMEM
Out of memory.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_INTERNAL
An internal system error occurred.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_updown_load_data(3), cerebro_errnum(3), cerebro_strerror(3)
