\."#############################################################################
\."$Id: cerebro_metriclist_length.3,v 1.2 2005-07-22 17:21:07 achu Exp $
\."#############################################################################
\."  Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
\."  Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
\."  Written by Albert Chu <chu11@llnl.gov>.
\."  UCRL-CODE-155989 All rights reserved.
\."
\."  This file is part of Cerebro, a collection of cluster monitoring tools
\."  and libraries.  For details, see <http://www.llnl.gov/linux/cerebro/>.
\."
\."  Cerebro is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
\."  the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
\."  Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
\."  any later version.
\."
\."  Cerebro is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
\."  WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
\."  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
\."  details.
\."
\."  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
\."  with Cerebro; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
\."  59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
\."#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_METRICLIST_METRIC_NAME 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_metriclist_metric_name, cerebro_metriclist_length,
cerebro_metriclist_destroy, cerebro_metriclist_iterator_create,
cerebro_metriclist_iterator_metric_name,
cerebro_metriclist_iterator_next, cerebro_metriclist_iterator_reset,
cerebro_metriclist_iterator_at_end,
cerebro_metriclist_iterator_destroy \- cerebro metriclist routines
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "char *cerebro_metriclist_metric_name(cerebro_metriclist_t metriclist);
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_metriclist_length(cerebro_metriclist_t metriclist);
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_metriclist_destroy(cerebro_metriclist_t metriclist);"
.sp
.BI "cerebro_metriclist_iterator_t cerebro_metriclist_iterator_create(cerebro_metriclist_t metriclist);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_metriclist_iterator_metric_name(cerebro_metriclist_iterator_t metriclistItr, char **metric_name);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_metriclist_iterator_next(cerebro_metriclist_iterator_t metriclistItr);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_metriclist_iterator_reset(cerebro_metriclist_iterator_t metriclistItr);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_metriclist_iterator_at_end(cerebro_metriclist_iterator_t metriclistItr);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_metriclist_iterator_destroy(cerebro_metriclist_iterator_t metriclistItr);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_metriclist_length\fR retrieves the number of metric names
stored in the metriclist.

\fBcerebro_metriclist_destroy\fR destroys the cerebro metriclist pointed
by \fImetriclist\fR.  All metriclist iterators created using the indicated
metriclist will also be destroyed.

\fBcerebro_metriclist_iterator_create\fR creates a cerebro metriclist iterator.

\fBcerebro_metriclist_iterator_metric_name\fR returns the metric_name
currently pointed at in the iterator.

\fBcerebro_metriclist_iterator_next\fR moves the iterator pointer forward.

\fBcerebro_metriclist_iterator_reset\fR resets the iterator pointer back
to the beginning.

\fBcerebro_metriclist_iterator_at_end\fR returns a flag indicating if
the end of the metriclist has been reached.

\fBcerebro_metriclist_iterator_destroy\fR destroys the cerebro metriclist
iterator pointed by \fImetriclistItr\fR.

.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
For \fBcerebro_metriclist_length\fR, the length of the list is returned
on success.  On error, -1 is returned.

For \fBcerebro_metriclist_iterator_create\fR, a cerebro metriclist
iterator is returned on success.  On error, NULL is returned.

For \fBcerebro_metriclist_iterator_next\fR, 1 is returned if more data
exists, 0 if not, On error, -1 is returned.

For \fBcerebro_metriclist_iterator_at_end\fR, 1 is returned if the end
of the list has been reached, 0 if not.  On error, -1 is returned.

For fBcerebro_metriclist_destroy\fR,
\fBcerebro_metriclist_iterator_metric_name\fR,
\fBcerebro_metriclist_iterator_reset\fR, and
\fBcerebro_metriclist_iterator_destroy\fR, 0 is returned on success.  On
error -1 is returned.

On errors, an error code is returned in \fImetriclist\fR or
\fImetriclistItr\fR.  The error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_metriclist_errnum(3) or
.BR cerebro_metriclist_iterator_errnum(3) respectively
, and a description of the error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_strerror(3).  
.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLMETRICLIST
The \fImetriclist\fR parameter is NULL.
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLMETRICLIST_ITERATOR
The \fImetriclistItr\fR parameter is NULL.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fImetriclist\fR or \fImetriclistItr\fR has an incorrect magic number.
\fImetriclist\fR or \fImetriclistItr\fR does not point to a an appropriate
structure or has already been destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PARAMETERS
Invalid parameter passed in.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_END_OF_LIST
The end of the list has been reached.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_OUTMEM
Out of memory.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_INTERNAL
An internal system error occurred.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_errnum(3), cerebro_strerror(3)
