.\"#############################################################################
.\"$Id: cerebro.7,v 1.2 2010-02-02 01:01:20 chu11 Exp $
.\"#############################################################################
.\"  Copyright (C) 2007-2011 Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC.
.\"  Copyright (C) 2005-2007 The Regents of the University of California.
.\"  Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\"  Written by Albert Chu <chu11@llnl.gov>.
.\"  UCRL-CODE-155989 All rights reserved.
.\"
.\"  This file is part of Cerebro, a collection of cluster monitoring tools
.\"  and libraries.  For details, see <http://www.llnl.gov/linux/cerebro/>.
.\"
.\"  Cerebro is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\"  the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\"  Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\"  any later version.
.\"
.\"  Cerebro is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\"  WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\"  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\"  details.
.\"
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"  with Cerebro.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"#############################################################################
.TH cerebro 8 "Oct 2007" "cerebro" cerebro
.SH "NAME"
cerebro \- cluster monitoring tools and libraries
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B Cerebro
is a collection of monitoring tools and libraries.  It is made up of a
daemon, loadable modules, a library, and several tools.

The daemon, 
.B cerebrod(8),
is the core of
.B Cerebro.
Typically executed on every node of a cluster, it is responsible for
sending, receiving, and monitoring various metric data.  

The data that it sends, receives, and monitors is dependent on the 
data configured to be sent.  Data can be sent via modules
developed for 
.B cerebrod,
(See 
.B cerebro_modules(3)
for more information on these modules.), data fed into the daemon
using 
.B libcerebro(3),
or data fed into the daemon via 
.B cerebro-admin.

.B Libcerebro
and 
.B cerebro-admin
offer the user the ability to monitor data by programming them into tools
and/or scripts.  Modules developed for 
.B cerebrod,
will be automatically loaded by the daemon and those specific metrics
will automatically be monitored.

Before
.B cerebro
can be used as a whole it must be configured.  The configuration file
options are specified in 
.B cerebro.conf(5).
Generally speaking, all cluster nodes should be configured to 'speak' so
they can send out metric information.  A few cluster nodes, typically
management nodes, should be configured to 'listen' and gather this metric information.
The 'metric_controller' should be enabled if data will be fed into 
.B cerebrod
via
.B libcerebro
and/or 
.B cerebro-admin.
The 'metric_server' should be enabled if data will be read
from
.B cerebrod
via
.B libcerebro
and/or
.B cerebro-stat.
A configuration module is also available for use with
.B cerebrod.
If your orgnization already has a database or configuration system for
clusters, the configuration module may allow your orgnization to 
configure 
.B cerebrod
off that database instead.

Three other module types are available for use in 
.B cerebrod.
 'clusterlist' modules define what nodes exist within a cluster.
 'monitor' modules allow specific metrics to be passed to the 
module for handling, perhaps for logging purposes.
 'event' modules allow for the creation of events when certain
metric information is received.
See 
.B cerebro_modules(3)
for more details.

An event notification API is provided with 
.B libcerebro
for programming against these events.

.SH "ORIGIN"
Developed by Albert Chu <chu11@llnl.gov> on LLNL's Linux clusters.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
libcerebro(3), cerebro_module(3), cerebrod(8)
