.\"#############################################################################
.\"$Id: cerebro_register_metric.3,v 1.9 2008-03-28 17:06:47 chu11 Exp $
.\"#############################################################################
.\"  Copyright (C) 2007-2008 Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC.
.\"  Copyright (C) 2005-2007 The Regents of the University of California.
.\"  Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\"  Written by Albert Chu <chu11@llnl.gov>.
.\"  UCRL-CODE-155989 All rights reserved.
.\"
.\"  This file is part of Cerebro, a collection of cluster monitoring tools
.\"  and libraries.  For details, see <http://www.llnl.gov/linux/cerebro/>.
.\"
.\"  Cerebro is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\"  the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\"  Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\"  any later version.
.\"
.\"  Cerebro is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\"  WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\"  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\"  details.
.\"
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"  with Cerebro.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_REGISTER_METRIC 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_register_metric, cerebro_unregister_metric, cerebro_update_metric_value, cerebro_resend_metric \-
cerebro metric monitoring routines
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_register_metric(cerebro_t handle, const char *metric_name);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_unregister_metric(cerebro_t handle, const char *metric_name);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_update_metric_value(cerebro_t handle, const char *metric_name, unsigned int metric_value_type, unsigned int metric_value_len, void *metric_value);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_resend_metric(cerebro_t handle, const char *metric_name);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_flush_metric(cerebro_t handle, const char *metric_name);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_register_metric()\fR registers a new metric that can be propogated by
by the local
.BR cerebrod(8)
daemon.  A metric value will not be propogated until one is set by the
\fBcerebro_update_metric_value()\fR function.

\fBcerebro_unregister_metric()\fR unregisters a metric in the local 
.BR cerebrod(8)
daemon.

\fBcerebro_update_metric_value()\fR updates the current metric value to be
propogated by the 
.BR cerebrod(8)
daemon.

\fBcerebro_resend_metric()\fR resends the specified metric in the next 
.BR cerebrod(8)
heartbeat.  Usually,
this function is called to force a metric to be re-propogated.

Metrics can be registered and propogated only if the
.BR cerebrod(8)
can speak.

\fBcerebro_flush_metric()\fR flushes the currently known metric contents
from the
.BR cerebrod(8)
daemon.  Metrics can only be flushed if the 
.BR cerebrod(8)
daemon can listen.

.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
On success, 0 is returned.  On error, -1 is returned, and an error
code is returned in \fIhandle\fR.  The error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_errnum(3),
and a description of the error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_strerror(3).
.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLHANDLE
The \fIhandle\fR parameter is NULL.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fIhandle\fR has an incorrect magic number.  \fIhandle\fR does not
point to an appropriate structure or has already been destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PARAMETERS
Invalid parameter passed in.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONNECT
Error connecting to
.B cerebrod
metric control server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONNECT_TIMEOUT
Timed out connecting to
.B cerebrod
metric control server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PROTOCOL
Error during protocol communication.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_PROTOCOL_TIMEOUT
Timeout during protocol communication.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_VERSION_INCOMPATIBLE
Version incompatible with the metric control server.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_METRIC_INVALID
The specified metric is invalid.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_METRIC_MAX
The maximum number of metrics has been reaached.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_FILE
A config file error occurred.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_MODULE
A config module error occurred.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_INPUT
A config input is invalid.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_OUTMEM
Out of memory.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_INTERNAL
An internal system error occurred.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_errnum(3), cerebro_strerror(3), cerebrod(8)
