\."#############################################################################
\."$Id: cerebro_load_config.3,v 1.2 2005-05-05 23:42:31 achu Exp $
\."#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_LOAD_CONFIG 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_load_config, cerebro_unload_config \- cerebro configuration data routines
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_load_config(cerebro_t handle);"
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_unload_config(cerebro_t handle);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_load_config()\fR loads config data into the cerebro_t
handle. It searches for a cerebro configuration module then a cerebro
configuration file, loading the configuration from either that it may
find.  If both a configuration module and configuration file are
found, the configuration from the file takes precedence.

The configuration data loaded may affect the behavior of
other aspects of the libcerebro library. See 
.BR cerebro.conf(5)
for details on the various configuration options that can be set.

\fBcerebro_unload_config()\fR unloads the config data
stored in a cerebro_t handle.
.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
On success, 0 is returned.  On error, -1 is returned, and an error
code is returned in \fIhandle\fR.  The error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_errnum (3),
and a description of the error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_strerror (3).
.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLHANDLE
The handle parameter is NULL.  The cerebro_t handle must be created
with
.BR cerebro_handle_create (3).
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fIhandle\fR has an incorrect magic number.  \fIhandle\fR does not
point to a cerebro_t handle or \fIhandle\fR has already been
destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_FILE
A config file error occurred.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CONFIG_MODULE
A config module error occurred.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_INTERNAL
An internal system error occurred.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_errnum(3), cerebro_strerror(3), cerebro.conf(5)
