\."#############################################################################
\."$Id: cerebro_load_clusterlist_module.3,v 1.1 2005-05-05 22:20:54 achu Exp $
\."#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_LOAD_CLUSTERLIST_MODULE 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_load_clusterlist_module \- load clusterlist module
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_load_clusterlist_module(cerebro_t handle);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_load_clusterlist_module()\fR loads clusterlist module data into
the cerebro_t handle.  Clusterlist modules are searched for in the
.B Cerebro
package library directory, @CEREBROD_MODULE_DIR@.  If a module cannot
be found, a default module will be loaded.

For more information on clusterlist modules see XXX.
.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
On success, 0 is returned.  On error, -1 is returned, and an error
code is returned in \fIhandle\fR.  The error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_errnum (3),
and a description of the error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_strerror (3).
.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLHANDLE
The handle parameter is NULL.  The cerebro_t handle must be created
with
.BR cerebro_handle_create (3).
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER
\fIhandle\fR has an incorrect magic number.  \fIhandle\fR does not
point to a cerebro_t handle or \fIhandle\fR has already been
destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CLUSTERLIST_MODULE
A clusterlist module error occurred.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_INTERNAL
An internal system error occurred.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_handle_create(3), cerebro_unload_clusterlist_module(3), cerebro_errnum(3),
cerebro_strerror(3), cerebro.conf(5)
