.\"#############################################################################
.\"$Id: cerebro_handle_destroy.3,v 1.11 2010-02-02 01:01:20 chu11 Exp $
.\"#############################################################################
.\"  Copyright (C) 2007-2011 Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC.
.\"  Copyright (C) 2005-2007 The Regents of the University of California.
.\"  Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\"  Written by Albert Chu <chu11@llnl.gov>.
.\"  UCRL-CODE-155989 All rights reserved.
.\"
.\"  This file is part of Cerebro, a collection of cluster monitoring tools
.\"  and libraries.  For details, see <http://www.llnl.gov/linux/cerebro/>.
.\"
.\"  Cerebro is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\"  the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\"  Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\"  any later version.
.\"
.\"  Cerebro is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\"  WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\"  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\"  details.
.\"
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"  with Cerebro.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_HANDLE_DESTROY 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_handle_destroy \- destroys a cerebro handle
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "int cerebro_handle_destroy(cerebro_t handle);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcerebro_handle_destroy()\fR destroys the cerebro handle pointed to
by \fIhandle\fR and frees all allocated memory associated with it.
Any cerebro nodelists created using the handle will also be destroyed.
.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
On success, 0 is returned.  On error, -1 is returned, and an error
code is returned in \fIhandle\fR.  The error code can be retrieved via
.BR cerebro_errnum(3), 
and a description of the error code can be retrieved via 
.BR cerebro_strerror(3).  
.br
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_NULLHANDLE
The \fIhandle\fR parameter is NULL.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_MAGIC_NUMBER 
\fIhandle\fR has an incorrect magic number.  \fIhandle\fR does not
point to a cerebro_t handle or \fIhandle\fR has already been
destroyed.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_CLUSTERLIST_MODULE
A clusterlist module error occurred.
.TP
.B CEREBRO_ERR_INTERNAL
An internal system error occurred.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_handle_create(3), cerebro_errnum(3), cerebro_strerror(3)
