.\"#############################################################################
.\"$Id: cerebro_handle_create.3,v 1.8 2010-02-02 01:01:20 chu11 Exp $
.\"#############################################################################
.\"  Copyright (C) 2007-2018 Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC.
.\"  Copyright (C) 2005-2007 The Regents of the University of California.
.\"  Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\"  Written by Albert Chu <chu11@llnl.gov>.
.\"  UCRL-CODE-155989 All rights reserved.
.\"
.\"  This file is part of Cerebro, a collection of cluster monitoring tools
.\"  and libraries.  For details, see <http://www.llnl.gov/linux/cerebro/>.
.\"
.\"  Cerebro is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\"  the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\"  Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\"  any later version.
.\"
.\"  Cerebro is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\"  WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\"  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\"  details.
.\"
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"  with Cerebro.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"#############################################################################
.TH CEREBRO_HANDLE_CREATE 3 "May 2005" "LLNL" "LIBCEREBRO"
.SH "NAME"
cerebro_handle_create \- create a cerebro handle 
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <cerebro.h>
.sp
.BI "cerebro_t cerebro_handle_create(void);"
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.br
\fBcerebro_handle_create()\fR creates a cerebro handle for use
with the cerebro library of functions.  A cerebro handle is of
type cerebro_t, which is defined in cerebro.h.  The cerebro
handle must be passed to most of the cerebro library functions.
.br
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
On success, a cerebro handle (datatype cerebro_t) will be
returned. On error, NULL is returned.
.br
.SH "FILES"
/usr/include/cerebro.h
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cerebro_handle_destroy(3)
